c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\bin\Debug\EVA.exe.config
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\bin\Debug\EVA.exe
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\bin\Debug\EVA.pdb
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\bin\Debug\ClassLibraryEVA.dll
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\bin\Debug\ClassLibraryEVA.pdb
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\EVA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\MainWindowView.g.cs
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\EVA_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\EVA_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\MainWindowView.baml
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\EVA.g.resources
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\EVA.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\EVA.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\EVA.exe
c:\users\x\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\EVA.pdb
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\ProjectsForm.g.cs
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\Tasks.g.cs
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\ProjectsForm.baml
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\Tasks.baml
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\ContactsForm.g.cs
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\DocumentsForm.g.cs
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\CategorsForms.g.cs
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\ContactsForm.baml
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\DocumentsForm.baml
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\CategorsForms.baml
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\AddProject.g.cs
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\AddProject.baml
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\AddCategor.g.cs
C:\Users\X\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EVA\EVA\obj\Debug\View\AddCategor.baml
